Change variant decorator to tag (#43)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/introduction/integration_test.rst

  -> run_timeout : time to wait for a report 10 seconds during test_run
  -> teardown_timeout : time to wait for a report 3 seconds during teardown
  -> test_ids: [optional] store the requirements into the report

>   -> tag: [optional] list of variances if a subset of tests need to be executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -> tag: [optional] dictionary containing lists of variants and/or test levels when only a subset of tests needs to be executed
```

Author: Done
